the keeper gottardi from the valley he speaks
I sent it as in my opinion it's a
great injustice injustice is whole is
have these people right and big have
more to do with the policy won by
tattoo fortinho your cynics are tired
as I am not paying and promised not
soon is the first to speak everything old and
school I do not know
A tajo shuffle like cuddly
that is our support and promised not to
just passed a mere youtube
I wanted to talk, Patricia, to talk to
falling is not for me
I do not care about morals and maturity.
I do not say do not say an exchange of
This was not surprising since 0 is
called toquinho besides I want
saving the drug is all connected to a
with the phone
We are part of attending Italy with
ladies and many people there still urged
She tells her mother and we are
accompanying his minister if the
garden ii nations insisted
we'll understand I do not speak for us and
we saw the rivers for the purchase was and is
so much so yesterday they blamed society
It's no longer with me I do not know depends on
the non -aquino fabric was
who will you wanted to leave the game
back occurs where rain is expected at
evening